SCHEMES/ ACTIVITIES/ PLANNING: -
1. With the help of the Gram Panchayat sarpanch and members, the development of the village should be prepared for the purpose of making five-year planning, five-year planning for development, increasing the industries in the hope of providing employment, repairing of paddy land, repairing of roads, sewage disposal, drainage to drainage, cleanliness of the premises, livestock, Development, Fodder Development, Child Welfare Scheme, Literacy Miscellaneous work by fund guidelines and orders received government in this regard. Under the NREGA and Finance Commission scheme, the Panchayat plan of the Gram Panchayat is decided by the gram panchayat and other administrative and Zilla Parishads considering the availability and availability of grants

All rights and duties: -
(1) The executive authority is the executive authority, and the resolution passed by the Panchayat, shall be vested in the Sarpanch for the purpose of implementation and in such absence of the Sarpanch, in addition to the prescribed rules, the Sarpanch is solely responsible for the fulfillment of the duties entrusted to the Panchayat as per the Act or accordingly, the sub-Sarpanch is absent. Sarpanch of use rights And shall perform its duties.
2.In accordance with the generality of the foregoing provisions, - (a) (a) Sarpanch, 3 [Properly presided over the meeting of the AVP, Panchayat Samiti, except otherwise provided in the Act]. And regulation of Panchayat Sabha.
3.The Sarpanch, all the officers and employees of the Panchayat will keep an eye on the actions and the action taken by the employees and their control. 5 [Includes the maintenance and maintenance of panchayat records and records;
4. Sarpanch shall prepare and prepare the necessary report and report as per the existing norms or provisions:
5.The Sarpanch shall exercise such other functions as may be entrusted to him by the use of such other rights as may be provided to him or under the control of this Act; (Z-A) Sarpanchas, can be given certificates, their signature and panchayat's instructions that are required to be given under any order of the session.];
6. The Society will call the Gram Sabha as per the provisions of section 7 and will preside over their chairmanship.
7.) If the sarpanch and sub-sarpanch are absent, both of the members present in every meeting of the Panchayat, A member of that meeting will be elected as the Speaker of that event .and he will accept the chairmanship of such a meeting.

Duties of the Sarpanch of the Sarpanch Panchayat

1. ) [Except where otherwise provided in this Act], in the absence of Sarpanch, the Panchayat Sabha Presidency will accept and regulate the meetings of the Panchayat;
2. Sarpanch's authority and duties will be delegated to him at the time of departure Shall exercise authority and carry out such duties;
If Sarpanch's election is not absent for more than fifteen days continuously in the village or if he is unable to work, then he will use the authority of Sarpanch and carry out his duties.
A member of that meeting will be elected as the Speaker of that event .and he will accept the chairmanship of such a meeting.
Where the provision is made otherwise, it is not possible to do so, when, for any reason, the sarpanch
Selecting a person who does not have the right to exercise authority, or to carry out his ears and tasks
A member of the Gram Sabha who has been nominated by the Panchayat Samiti.